AI - Artificial intelligence
Don't buy AI, solve business problems. With our service concept, you can ensure the benefits of artificial intelligence in business development.

Artificial intelligence accelerates the development of intelligent business.
Artificial intelligence is an enabler that can be used to predict, optimise, and streamline processes, create new businesses, and respond to Finland's productivity challenges. When used correctly, the boost brought about by artificial intelligence can be up to tens of per cent.

Digia is a partner in intelligent business, helping to identify and implement the opportunities of data, automation, and artificial intelligence in business development.

Digia Dolphin Service Concept
Digia Dolphin empowers businesses to realise the full spectrum of AI benefits. It is a service concept for the comprehensive utilisation of artificial intelligence and achieving measurable business benefits.

A good way to advance in utilizing AI is through pragmatic steps and experiments. To gain genuine business benefits, it is critically important that the results of experiments and pilots are brought into production – from trial to practice. The greatest benefits of AI come as part of core business processes and everyday practices.


Digia Dolphin Services:
We help identify strategic use cases where AI brings measurable value to the organization.

We are a partner in the initiation and implementation phases.

We offer comprehensive maintenance services and continuous development with the AIOps model.

The benefits of AI come in everyday operations - check out the examples
For most companies, the biggest benefit of artificial intelligence comes in everyday life by making it part of existing services. You should always start with your business goals and where you can get the most benefit with the least effort.

Artificial intelligence is an enabler that can improve, for example, knowledge-based management, operational efficiency, and customer and service experience.

Knowledge-based management
Business forecasting, such as sales forecasting
Resource and workforce planning
Identification of deviations
Classification, e.g. identification of customer segments

Improving operational efficiency
Process optimization
Automate orders and cases
Production of contracts and documents
Document review and analysis

Development of services and customer experience
Product development
Analysis of the competitive situation
Analysis of customer data and feedback
Service needs assessment
Intelligent chatbots and virtual assistants
Data processing and retrieval
Communication and content production

Everyday operations
Retrieving information
Create documents
Application development and programming
Communication
Voice commands
Speech recognition and transcription and recording of material


How to proceed with AI?
Whether you are just getting started or seeking acceleration to the next level, we help you to identify how artificial intelligence would benefit your organization the most, and develop a roadmap for achieving concrete benefits. 

contact us
Olli Ainasvuori
Vice President, MOST Digital

→ olli.ainasvuori@digia.com







