Robotics and automation
Automation is a prerequisite for intelligent business.

Increase productivity, job satisfaction and customer value
The importance of automation and data utilisation in business is growing. The automation of services and processes is a prerequisite for developing intelligent business and increasing work productivity and customer value.

Every repetitive, routine process is an excellent target for automation. With automation, everyday tasks can be handled efficiently, and people can focus on value-creating core tasks.

With robotic process automation (RPA), processes can be automated efficiently and cost-effectively in any industry. Artificial intelligence has further increased the possibilities and efficacy of RPA. Statutory robotic process automation has been complemented by AI-assisted robotics, which expands the utilisation of automations and enhances the deployment of robots.

Automation is successfully utilised, for example:

financial and HR management tasks,
data processing tasks and data transfers,
monitoring stock balances,
communication
processing applications, and
automated decision-making.

Hyper-automation takes automation to a whole new level
There is a lot of talk about artificial intelligence, which has significantly increased the possibilities of automation. However, when increasingly complex tasks are automated, several different technologies are needed, and instead of individual AI tools or software robots, we talk about hyper-automation solutions.

Hyper-automation combines various automation technologies and artificial intelligence to enable intelligent automation. Hyper-automation can be used to produce consistent data and perform increasingly complex tasks. With it, the possibilities of automation rise to a whole new level.

The key is to choose the right technology for the right place. A single tool can serve an individual user or process, but as part of an automation ecosystem, it becomes a controlled, secure and reliable part of the business process.


Digia Smart Automation – platform and tools as an efficient and secure life-cycle service
We have developed a secure, scalable service that makes the use and implementation of robotic process automation easy and efficient.

Digia Smart Automation combines a robotics operating environment with tools, a management platform, and continuous services. The efficient life-cycle service covers all the stages of automation and offers certified information security.

Our life-cycle service covers everything you need: a cloud environment, robot technologies, expert and developer services, and comprehensive maintenance services, 24/7 if necessary. You are guaranteed to succeed with a functional, safe and easy way to automate routine tasks and data processing.


Your partner in automation
Whether you are an expert in automation or planning to start using it, our services provide the keys to getting started.  With us, you can truly take automation to the next level.

Our open source solutions, certified security and lifecycle services provide the steps to expand intelligent automation and unlock the benefits of hyperautomation.

On the other hand, if you are a beginner ready to try, we will help you get started and stay by your side as you expand and continuously develop your automation. Together, we'll develop a vision that's right for your business, explore the potential of automation and successfully implement your plans.

We have experience in hundreds of automation projects, including in temporary staffing and real estate, retail sales, service industries, industrial manufacturing, logistics, health and social services, the educational sector and the public sector.


How to get started?
Digia Bright Idea™ -process analysis
The analysis will help identify the tasks that are suitable for automation and clarify the benefits of automation. A robotisation index makes it easy for you to compare the suitability of different tasks and facilitates decision-making.

Digia Bright Skills™ -training programme
Our training programme helps you set up a robotics team that promotes the utilisation of robotics and artificial intelligence, and that monitors, develops, maintains, plans and manages projects.


contact us

Olli Ainasvuori
Vice President, MOST Digital

→ olli.ainasvuori@digia.com





