Digia Business Operations Center
We take full responsibility for operating and developing your information systems—so you can focus on your core business.

24/7 monitoring for your business-critical processes
Digia Business Operations Center monitors your business processes and ensures they are running smoothly around the clock, every day of the year.

This means you can confidently serve your customers through digital channels, around the clock.

Our service is built on Digia Service Center, developed over more than 10 years and trusted by nearly 700 clients.

Our approach
Real-time situational awareness – an overview that is accessible all the time to both your organisation and Digia's monitoring specialists.


Our team responds 24/7 to any event that could disrupt your operations. We coordinate the agreed resources—yours, ours, and third parties—to restore normal operations swiftly and efficiently.


By analyzing the data collected through monitoring, we identify areas of improvement and can simulate how changes impact your organizational efficiency. We identify bottlenecks and highlight opportunities to streamline and optimize your processes—using AI and automation when it adds the most value. When needed, we also provide change management services to support successful transformation.


Each Business Operations Center service package is uniquely agreed to meet your specific business needs and growth goals.


Examples of service modules

Digia Iiris
Digia Iiris gives you full visibility into your critical business processes. This monitoring service provides real-time alerts and corrective actions through advanced technical surveillance.

 
Digia iSOC
Digia iSOC delivers high-level cybersecurity monitoring and rapid incident response. It ensures your environment stays secure and resilient against evolving threats.


eDromos
eDromos process analysis enable you to test and optimise process changes before implementation. It can be used to model, for example, lead time, optimal capacity, resource allocation, and total costs to make data-driven decisions with confidence.

 
Cloud well-architected review
The assessment service identifies improvement areas in your current cloud environments—focusing on reliability, security, efficiency and cost optimisation. We ensure your cloud infrastructure aligns with your business goals and delivers maximum value.


Digia Business Operations Center
– efficiency, security and expertise
Cost efficiency

Effective management and optimisation of operational processes help reduce overall operating costs.
Improved productivity

Skilled professionals, streamlined processes and the use of automation and AI free up time and resources for higher-value work.

Improved visibility and control

Real-time operational overview brings clarity and confidence—enabling better, faster decision-making.
Reduced risk

Systematic risk management aligned with ISO 9001 and ISO 27001 standards ensures compliance, protects your business, and supports continuity and growth.
Focus on core business

Leadership and key personnel will have more time to focus on strategy execution, innovation, and achieving business goals.
Support for change management

Comprehensive process monitoring helps identify the need for change, while simulation tools allow you to assess the impact of changes on business performance.
Scalability

Our services adapt to your growth and evolving needs.

One-stop service model
You get a single point of contact for the operation of your business systems. We handle the operational level communication with both you and third parties.


Digia experts at your service
Advanced tools for business-driven management and development.
We use advanced solutions, developed in-house as well as by trusted partners, to manage and develop your information systems from a business-first perspective.

Custom software capabilities.
Our in-house software development expands your possibilities. We can develop existing business applications, tailor solutions to your needs, or build entirely new systems to support emerging business models.

Technology-agnostic approach.
We work on your terms—regardless of specific technologies or vendors—ensuring solutions that best serve your business.

Deep industry expertise.
Years of collaboration across sectors have given us a deep understanding of diverse industry needs and challenges.

Broad team of skilled professionals.
You'll have access to a team of professionals whose skills are constantly evolving to meet changing demands—and who are genuinely interested in your success.

Certified operational excellence
Our ISO 9001 and ISO 27001 certified, customer audited operating models provide a solid foundation for continuity, security, and continuous development.

Flexible and scalable delivery models
Our delivery models are designed and polished to be flexible and scalable—ready to respond quickly to changing business needs.

A Finnish company with global reach
Digia is a Finnish company with international operations. All strategic decision-making takes place in Finland.


Digia Business Operations Center offers a partnership focused on results and future readiness. Security, resilience and continuous improvement form the strategic foundation of this collaboration.


Contact us
Hannu Tynjälä
Vice President, Managed Services