Company
Digia is a software and service company that combines technological possibilities and human capabilities to build intelligent business, society and a sustainable future.

We build intelligent business
The development of digitalisation is entering a new phase, and intelligent business is the next step in digital evolution. We are moving towards automated and AI-driven processes and services based on reliable data and the organisation's ability to refine and utilize it.

Understanding opportunities opens doors to more intelligent business. Together with our customers, Digia employees solve the most complex challenges. We create intelligent solutions by combining information and technology with our extensive professional skills and understanding of our customers’ business. Solutions that open doors to unlimited opportunities for the benefit of both our customers and us all.

Professionals: 1600
Locations in Finland & abroad: 10 & 3
Net sales: 205 eur million
Growth: 7%

We are globally local​
There are more than 1,500 digians.  We operate globally with our international customers, but we always serve close by. ​

Our headquarters are in Helsinki and our other offices in Finland are located in Tampere, Joensuu, Jyväskylä, Turku, Oulu, Rauma, Vaasa, Lahti and Kuopio. We also have an office in Stockholm, Sweden. Our subsidiaries operate in Sweden, Denmark, the Netherlands and Poland.

Digia’s turnover in 2024 was EUR 205.7 million. The company is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki (DIGIA).

Designed for people
Digia is a company designed for people – a workplace where it’s good to be and things work. 

We build sustainable future
Our responsible way of working is integral to our strategy and instumental to our business success.

Life is hard.
Just the way I prefer it.
At Digia we don’t settle for easy; we seek to understand and solve the hardest of problems through shared knowledge and smart ways of working. To us no amount of table tennis sets nor beer fridges can compare with these intellectual challenges that allow us a company and as individuals to unleash our full potential – and beyond.

Our story
By implementing our long-term strategy of profitable growth, we have become an international company with a state-of-the-art working community of over 1,500 experts. In addition to organic growth, our successful acquisitions have bolstered our expertise and accelerated our growth.

Our story goes back to 1990 and a company called SysOpen Plc. In 2005, it merged with Digia Ltd to form SysOpen Digia Plc, which renamed itself Digia Plc in 2008. The company has operated in its current form since 2016, when it split and its Qt business was transferred to Qt Group Plc.

The Digia name was derived from the words Digital Information Architects. These letters still reflect the core themes of our operations: Digians, Intelligence, Growth, International, Actions. We have always sought to use our digital solutions to create lasting customer value and a sustainable society – and we are forging ahead to build smarter businesses and societies and a sustainable future. 




